0-3 months	100.4 F (38 C) or higher taken rectally	Call the doctor, even if your child doesn't have any other signs or symptoms.
3-6 months	Up to 102 F (38.9 C) taken rectally	Encourage your child to rest and drink plenty of fluids. Medication isn't needed. Call the doctor if your child seems unusually irritable, lethargic or uncomfortable.he or she may recommend that you bring your child in for an exam.
6-24 months	Above 102 F (38.9 C) taken rectally	Give your child acetaminophen (Tylenol, others). If your child is age 6 months or older, ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin, others) is OK, too. Read the label carefully for proper dosage. Don't give aspirin to an infant or toddler. Call the doctor if the fever doesn't respond to the medication or lasts longer than one day.
2-17 years	Up to 102 F (38.9 C) taken rectally for children ages 2-3, or taken orally for children older than 3	Encourage your child to rest and drink plenty of fluids. Medication isn't needed. Call the doctor if your child seems unusually irritable or lethargic or complains of significant discomfort.If your child seems uncomfortable, give your child acetaminophen (Tylenol, others) or ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin, others). Read the label carefully for proper dosage, and be careful not to give your child more than one medication containing acetaminophen, such as some cough and cold medicines. Avoid giving aspirin to children or teenagers. Call the doctor if the fever doesn't respond to the medication or lasts longer than three days.	
18 years 	Up to 102 F (38.9 C) taken orally	Rest and drink plenty of fluids. Medication isn't needed. Call the doctor if the fever is accompanied by a severe headache, stiff neck, shortness of breath, or other unusual signs or symptoms.If you're uncomfortable, take acetaminophen (Tylenol, others), ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin IB, others) or aspirin. Read the label carefully for proper dosage, and be careful not to take more than one medication containing acetaminophen, such as some cough and cold medicines. Call the doctor if the fever doesn't respond to the medication, is consistently 103 F (39.4 C) or higher, or lasts longer than three days.

